abbey - n. a monastery ruled by an abbot
abide - v. dwell; inhabit or live in
abound - v. be abundant or plentiful; exist in large quantities
absence - n. the state of being absent
absorb - v. assimilate or take in
abstinence - n. practice of refraining from indulging an appetite especially alcohol
absurd - j. inconsistent with reason or logic or common sense
abundant - j. present in great quantity
abusive - j. characterized by physical or psychological maltreatment
academic - j. associated with school or learning
academy - n. a school for special training
accept - v. consider or hold as true
access - v. reach or gain access to
accessible - j. easily obtained
acclaim - n. enthusiastic approval
accommodate - v. provide with something desired or needed
accompany - v. go or travel along with
accomplish - v. to gain with effort
account - v. furnish a justifying analysis or explanation
accurate - j. conforming exactly or almost exactly to fact or to a standard or performing with total accuracy
accusation - n. an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence
accuse - v. blame for, make a claim of wrongdoing or misbehavior against
acid - j. biting, sarcastic, or scornful
acknowledge - v. declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of
acquire - v. come into the possession of something concrete or abstract
acquisition - n. something acquired or received
adamant - j. impervious to pleas, persuasion, requests, reason
adjacent - j. having a common boundary or edge; abutting; touching
administrator - n. someone who manages a government agency or department
advent - n. arrival that has been awaited (especially of something momentous)
adverse - j. contrary to your interests or welfare
advisory - n. an announcement that usually advises or warns the public of some threat
advocacy - n. active support of an idea or cause etc.; especially the act of pleading or arguing for something
advocate - v. speak, plead, or argue in favor of
affect - n. the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion
affirmative - j. affirming or giving assent
aggression - n. violent action that is hostile and usually unprovoked
airy - j. not practical or realizable; speculative
album - n. a book of blank pages with pockets or envelopes; for organizing photographs or stamp collections etc
alcohol - n. a liquor or brew containing alcohol as the active agent
alien - j. being or from or characteristic of another place or part of the world
allegiance - n. the loyalty that citizens owe to their country (or subjects to their sovereign)
alley - n. a narrow street with walls on both sides
alliance - n. a formal agreement establishing an association or alliance between nations or other groups to achieve a particular aim
ally - n. an associate who provides cooperation or assistance
altar - n. a raised structure on which gifts or sacrifices to a god are made
alter - v. cause to change; make different; cause a transformation
alternate - j. serving or used in place of another
alternative - j. serving or used in place of another
altitude - n. elevation especially above sea level or above the earth's surface
amateur - j. lacking professional skill or expertise
ambiguous - j. having more than one possible meaning
ambitious - j. having a strong desire for success or achievement
ambivalent - j. uncertain or unable to decide about what course to follow
analogy - n. drawing a comparison in order to show a similarity in some respect
analyst - n. someone who is skilled at analyzing data
analyze - v. break down into components or essential features
anchor - v. fix firmly and stably
android - n. a robot designed to look and behave like a human being
annual - j. occurring or payable every year
anonymous - j. having no known name or identity or known source
antichrist - n. the adversary of Christ (or Christianity) mentioned in the New Testament
antique - j. made in or typical of earlier times and valued for its age
anxious - j. causing or fraught with or showing anxiety
apartheid - n. a social policy or racial segregation involving political and economic and legal discrimination against people who are not Whites
apocalyptic - j. prophetic of devastation or ultimate doom
apology - n. an expression of regret at having caused trouble for someone
apparel - n. clothing in general
apparent - j. clearly revealed to the mind or the senses or judgment
appease - v. make peace with
appropriate - j. suitable for a particular person or place or condition etc
apt - j. being of striking appropriateness and pertinence
arbitrary - j. based on or subject to individual discretion or preference or sometimes impulse or caprice
arcade - n. a covered passageway with shops and stalls on either side
arrange - v. put into a proper or systematic order
arrangement - n. an orderly grouping (of things or persons) considered as a unit; the result of arranging
arrival - n. the act of arriving at a certain place